[Music]
very good how are you my dearest
friends of the channel this
time I'm going to tell you the answer that
Sonsoles Onega gave a few minutes ago
to Belén Esteban and it is that you already know that
the one from Paracuellos was yesterday
back from her vacation well throwing
a few darts at everyone it wasn't like let's
see well it's hot it's not good it's
hot from the vacation of the people
who were commenting a little what
interested her she commented on the
words of Kiko Matamoros she was
commenting a little about
Rocío Jurado's diary that
yes what Belén Esteban did not comment on at all
is what she did not refer to was
María Patiño's words the other
day that we were commenting on in
which she stated that off camera
Amador Mohedano had accused Belén Esteban of giving
Rocío Juradó a bad life
or rather that is not what Belén
Esteban pronounces it seems that she has no more desire for
nonsense and that they sue her  no more and
then having to keep switching sides
here and there to get my
complaints dropped well then belén esteban was
addressing rosa benito on the
midday show telling sonsoles sonsoles
me me that you would be careful with rosa
benito okay as if saying that she should be careful that she should be
careful with rosa because she is not a
trustworthy person and that she is a traitor
and that later she can play tricks on the
show hey to which sonsoles responded
with a sharp
of rosa I have the highest opinion
not only of myself but of this team she has
always been a fantastic
loving woman who has always rowed in favor
of this program when we have
needed it and when we haven't too well a
take out with education a take out with education
but a take out in all rules okay if there is
another one that comparing the ways of save me
with hers in midday is a
laughable thing I don't think it is
very cool and very strong and very shameless
that belén esteban has a lot of courage
for some things and very little for others
no we have already seen how she changes
sides when well after  Of all the
defense she made of Olga and Antonio
Sabino and everything she's gotten from her side, we've
already seen how she's changed her tune and
how all of a sudden she's leaving Ash with
Rocío Carrasco and with Fidel so that they
drop the lawsuit that they've filed against her, it doesn't
seem like Belén Esteban is afraid
of that lawsuit, no, because if not, if I'm not
afraid, I have no reason to
change, come on, if you're not afraid, keep
going and let the lawsuit continue,
no, because in the end you know you're going to
get away with it if you haven't done anything,
but oh well, you're Belén Esteban, not much of a
dart at Rosa Benito, but she's gotten us wet
about what María Patiño said the other day, there
must be a reason, either because she's not
capable of getting wet and telling the truth, if I
hear it, I don't hear it, or
because it's going to leave María Patiño in a bad light,
not those two options, well, what do
you think? I'll be reading the
comment box. I send you a
huge hug and as always.
[Music]